warm
Is your mom out?
He's not on business anymore.
This kid
You keep your aunt out and let her in
I'll trick this little bastard into opening the door first
Take away their gestures
If you don't leave, I'll call the police.
Hey you little bastard
Well, let's put the jewelry first
It's better to have a safe place
Here we go.
Find a more upscale hotel to stay in
So late
I sent you a message, did you see it?
About prom partners
I want to invite you.
Did not go in and did not participate
Host please note
Detected that the blackening value of the mission target Ye Nanheng has increased
Instant blackening value 50
Hey navigation
I'll teach you why you don't speak
Can I come and stay at your house for a while?
Are we familiar?
Ah! What's wrong with you?
Like a stray dog every day
It is also comparable to Lonely Blue Peak
Why don't you speak?
Let you down
Never have a chance to tease me again
Why am I so sad?